I embarrassed my wife tonight.
I knew when it happened,
and I didn’t want to talk about it.
But I knew in my heart that Yoomi was right.
I had become unkind.
There were lots of examples.
I’d complained about the way one brother
conducted meetings for field service.
I was jealous
of a ministerial servant
who received new privileges.
And I was pretty blunt
about how frustrated I got
with Yoomi’s parents.
I thought I’d gotten rid
of my old personality,
but it still lurked inside of me.
Some of my friends
were OK with and even encouraged
these bad qualities.
The change was so gradual
that I didn’t even realize
how far I’d fallen.
What do you think I need to do to change?
How about we search
for “good for building up”
from the ONLINE LIBRARY?
Sounds good.
Let’s take a look.
We considered Ephesians 4:29,
which says:
“Let a rotten word
not come out of your mouth,
“but only what is good
for building up . . . ,
to impart what is beneficial
to the hearers.”
I was struck by this powerful word picture.
Rotten words are as disgusting
as rotten food.
I didn’t want the things
coming out of my mouth
to disgust my wife or anyone else.
But to change,
I needed a plan.
Now I really try to think before I speak.
And I have a goal to give someone
real commendation at every meeting.
I have a goal for my conversations too.
I want to keep them
wholesome, true, and kind.
It’s amazing how speaking kindly to others
can make you feel so good inside.
I shouldn’t be surprised,
because it’s just another way
of showing God’s love.